Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[GUITAR STRUMMING]
[GUITAR BEING TUNED]
[FAINT VOICES CARRYING. INDISTINCT]
♪ ♪
[ENGINE IDLING]
[ENGINE TURNING OFF]
♪ ♪
[SOFT MALE VOICE CALLING] Cuckoo!
[BIRD CALLING]
[STARTLING MUSICAL TONE PULSES]
[WIND RISING. BREATH-LIKE]
[PANTING]
[SOFT MALE VOICE] There
she is. the Almost Birthday Girl.
Oh. but it seems I wore my long legs today.
What happens if I...?
[DISCORDANT MUSIC SURGING. SCREAM-LIKE]
["JEWEL" BY T. REX BEGINS TO PLAY]
♪ Well. I've got a little babe ♪
♪ With jewels upon her lip ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well. I've got a little babe ♪
♪ With jewels upon her lip ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Her hair's like a river ♪
♪ It's fast and slowly drips ♪
♪ [VOCALIZING] How. how ♪
♪ How. how ♪
♪ ♪
♪ She bathes in thunder ♪
♪ The elves are under her ♪
♪ ♪
♪ She bathes in thunder ♪
♪ The elves are under her ♪
♪ She walks the wind ♪
♪ And has a panther with silver fur ♪
♪ [VOCALIZING] How. how ♪
♪ How. how ♪
♪ Ow! ♪
♪ ♪
[SONG FADES. ECHOING]
All right. kids.
This is the part where you get to do the
things the grownups don't wanna do anymore.
Door to door. on foot. knock-knock.
"Have you seen this man?"
Just like in the movies.
Partners have already been
assigned. so no one gets hurt feelings.
Suspect likes to visit a
certain kind of neighborhood.
He's a middle-aged Caucasian
male and not likely to go quietly.
so let's always assume he's armed.
We'll go alert and careful.
That's all.
Okay. well. I am good to be
the one who goes up and knocks.
if you wanna be the one who hangs back.
Harker?
You good?
Yeah. I'm good.
[DOOR AJAR TONE CHIMES]
♪ ♪
That kid smelled like narcotics.
Harker.
It's that one.
What's what one?
3525.
He's in there.
What makes you say that?
I don't know.
We should call it in.
What? No.
[CHUCKLING]
No. we're not gonna call in a
hunch on our first day out doing this.
Just relax.
But I'll go take a look.
All right?
Lee. relax.
[CLEARING THROAT]
[FISK KNOCKING ON DOOR]
FBI!
[FRONT DOOR OPENS]
[FISK] Hi there!
Hi. I just wondered if you'd
take a look at that for me...
[GUNSHOT BLASTS]
[PANTING]
[HARKER PANTING]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
[PANTING]
Don't move.
I won't.
[HARKER PANTING]
♪ ♪
[INTERCOM VOICE ECHOING]
State your name and rank.
Special Agent Lee Harker.
Can someone tell me what I'm doing in here?
[INTERCOM VOICE ECHOING] Special
Agent Lee Harker. are you ready to begin?
Ready to begin what?
State the first word that comes
to mind to accompany each image.
Are you ready to begin?
Yes.
Camera.
Table.
Legs.
Tiger.
Door.
Mother.
Father.
Piano.
A number has been generated
between zero and 100. inclusive.
What is the number?
I-I don't know.
33?
A number has been generated
between zero and 100. inclusive.
What is the number?
Zero.
[AGENT CARTER] You a baseball fan. Harker?
No. sir.
Damn.
I need to talk to someone
about my beautiful Mariners. but...
Well. my wife's getting
pretty good at faking it. so...
That's a slippery slope.
[CHUCKLES]
Damn. Agent Browning. that's cold.
I only work with what
you give me. Agent Carter.
[CARTER] You beat that
numbers generator eight times.
How'd you do that?
[HARKER] I also missed it eight times.
Hmm.
Half-psychic is better than
not psychic at all. I'd say.
Family of four lived in
that house for 12 years.
The Horns.
Nice people.
Dad taught college. coached T-ball.
Mom ran the church bake sale. and then. two
months ago. they all get murdered inside.
[AGENT BROWNING] Four victims. but
technically three murders and a suicide.
The father?
[CARTER] Yeah. he
didn't do it halfway. either.
Stabbed his wife 61 times before
the blade snapped off the handle.
What about the kids?
What about 'em?
How many wounds?
You can read about it in the file.
You said four were murdered.
I don't understand.
[BROWNING] Neither do we.
A letter was left with the bodies.
written in a coded alphabet.
and not in the hand of anyone in
any way connected to the family.
So...
We have ten letters like
it. made by the same hand.
Ten houses. ten families.
over the past 30 years.
and all of them signed with one word...
"Longlegs".
Someone or something
is making the fathers do it.
So far. we've been goddamned
to figure out what or who.
[BROWNING] I'm telling
you. she's not ready for this.
You got a better idea.
Browning. then you can run with it.
There you go. Harker.
take a nice long look.
Tell me your version of what happened
in Colfax with the shooting of Agent Fisk.
[HARKER] It's hard to explain. sir.
It's like something tapping me on
the shoulder. telling me where to look.
You identified a suspect's
house. with no prior knowledge.
no real indication that
it was any way different
than all the cookie-cutters all around it.
Anything like that ever happen
to you before. Agent Harker?
From time to time. sir.
Well. maybe we'll just
call you "highly intuitive".
[HARKER] Yes. sir.
Uh-huh.
Tell me what you see.
What do the families have in common?
That's a good question.
All the victim families
have daughters whose
birthdays are on the
14th of any given month.
But only the Horns were
actually murdered on that date.
Get to work.
♪ ♪
[RECORDING CLICKS ON AND BEGINS TO PLAY]
[OPERATOR] 9-1-1. What's your emergency?
[MAN] It's...
It's my daughter.
It's... it's not my daughter...
[9-1-1 OPERATOR] Sir.
who's not your daughter?
[MAN] I gotta be quiet.
I've gotta be quiet.
[9-1-1 OPERATOR] Sir. where are you?
[MAN] When she's sleeping...
When she's sleeping.
it's the best time to do it.
[9-1-1 OPERATOR] Do what?
[MAN] When her eyes are closed.
[9-1-1 OPERATOR] Sir. can
you stay on the line with me?
[MAN PANTING]
-[YELLING]
-[9-1-1 OPERATOR] Sir?
Hello?
Can you stay on the line?
-[MAN YELLING]
-[9-1-1 OPERATOR] Sir?
[YELLING AND SCREAMING]
[9-1-1 OPERATOR] 9-1-1.
What is your emergency?
[PANICKED VOICES RISING. INDISTINCT]
[WOMAN] Help!
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]
-[DOOR BURSTS OPEN]
-Harker!
You know. there's such a
thing as looking too long.
I must have lost track of time.
I'm still thirsty.
-Are you thirsty?
-Come on. let's go for a drink.
You'll have to excuse me.
I it's late. and I don't drink.
You don't drink. you're right.
I'll drink while you tell me things.
Agent Harker.
[VOICE RECEDING] Come on. bag it up!
Ah. thanks. Melissa.
Go ahead. Harker.
Well. there's no signs of forced entry.
In fact. forensics says there's no
indication he was ever in the house at all.
There's only the bodies of the victims.
and they've all been killed with
something from inside the house.
Two times. a shotgun. both
legally registered to the father.
Eight times. a knife
from the family's kitchen.
Once. a hammer from the family's toolbox.
All right.
And...?
Longlegs would have to be
inside the house to use the shotgun.
the knife. the hammer. but according
to physical evidence. he never is.
If it wasn't for the
letters he left behind.
it's almost like he
was never there at all.
He murders them. but not in person.
Maybe he tells the families what
he wants them to do to themselves.
to each other then they do it.
[LAUGHS]
Well. now. that that reads
like a page out of Manson.
Manson had accomplices.
His Family.
You think Longlegs has help?
Hmm.
All right.
Mm!
Oh. man.
[GRUNTING]
Whoo!
Okay. bedtime.
I'll drive.
You take a left right here.
And the lights are on.
I'm busted.
Well. all right. Harker. you get
to come meet my wife and kid.
Um. sir do I have to?
Yeah.
[CAR DOOR CLOSES]
Come on in.
Hey. there she is! [CLAPPING]
[LAUGHING]
You didn't call to say goodnight.
Oh. 'cause it was late. and
it was past your bedtime.
[RUBY] Well. now it's even later.
and way. way past my bedtime.
[CARTER] Uh. yeah.
I guess I screwed that up. huh?
Hello.
[CARTER] Oh. hey. this
is. uh. Agent Lee Harker.
Harker. this is my beautiful wife.
Anna. and our daughter. Miss Ruby.
Nice to meet you. Harker.
-Hi. honey.
-Hey. babe.
[ANNA] I'm glad you're home.
Do you want to see my room?
What happened to this one?
[RUBY] Its head got cut off.
and I don't know where it is.
I guess that's more my
job finding things. I mean.
What about that thing. do you go in it?
It's too babyish.
Dad says he wants to keep
some of my old stuff around so
I don't grow up too fast. but
I'm gonna grow up anyway.
Even veals grow a
little. and they live in a
box with their legs all
tied up and everything.
Veals have it pretty tough. don't they?
Did you wanna be an FBI
agent when you were a little girl?
No.
I actually wanted to be an actress.
That messes up kids.
So they say.
Is it scary being a lady FBI agent?
Yeah.
Yeah. it is.
[ANNA] All right. you two.
I'm sure Agent Harker's
got a lot of very important
work to do. and. Miss Ruby Carter. it's...
-Well. it's tomorrow.
-Can she come to my birthday party?
-Sounds great to me.
-Why don't you ask her?
I'll be there.
[CAR RADIO PLAYING SOFTLY]
[LOUD MUSIC PLAYING AND STOPPING]
[DOOR BEING UNLOCKED]
[LINE RINGING]
[WOMAN] Yes?
Hello?
Hi. Mom.
Lee?
Yup. still only me.
Are you okay?
Yeah. spent the day at home.
Where else would I be?
What are you doing in the house?
Do you have to let the phone ring so long?
Trying to go through some stuff over here.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
I just can't sleep.
A lot on my mind.
Work stuff.
Nasty stuff?
[LAUGHING]
Um. yeah.
[FAINT CLICKING ON PHONE]
Want to tell me about it?
No...
No.
Don't forget I was a nurse for eight years.
I saw more than my
fair share of nasty stuff.
I think I just need to
be quiet for a little bit.
Somebody's birthday's coming up.
[WHISPERING VOICE SWIRLING]
Honey? Are you still there?
Mom. I gotta go.
I-I'll call you back. okay?
[BEEPS PHONE OFF]
[BANGING ON DOOR]
[SOFT CLICK OF LEE'S GUN]
[LEE] Hello?
[SLIDING CHAIN]
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[CHILLING MUSIC SURGING]
[LEE PANTING]
[PANTING]
[DISCORDANT MUSIC PULSES]
[LEE PANTING]
[STRINGS HOLDING A
CHILLING DISCORDANT NOTE]
♪ ♪
[SWITCHBLADE CLICKS
OPEN. MUSIC STOPS ABRUPTLY]
[SLICING OPEN ENVELOPE]
[CREAKING]
[THUDDING]
[PHONE RINGING]
[ANSWERING MACHINE CLICKS ON] Hello.
no one is available to take your call.
Please leave a message after the tone.
[BEEP]
[LEE'S MOTHER] Lee?
Are you there?
Call me back.
♪ ♪
[PHONE RINGING]
[GASPING]
Yes. Mom. I'm fine.
[MAN'S VOICE. BRUSQUE] Harker?
Carter's looking for you.
Um. yeah. I'll be right in.
[BEEPS PHONE OFF]
[WOMAN] Can you have a look at this?
♪ ♪
[OMINOUS NOTE SOUNDS]
Him again.
We are real late on this one.
Looks like the family was planning a trip.
A friend assumed they'd gone. so
no one bothered to check in on 'em.
Found plane tickets for Los Angeles
and reservations for Disneyland.
Sounds like a nice idea.
And the girl's birthday was the 14th?
Seems like it.
How'd you figure that out?
I only looked long enough. sir.
Yeah. well. there's a dead
family in the master bedroom.
so let's go take a long look at that.
We found dad in the garage.
Wrists and throat.
kitchen knife in his hand.
His wounds look self-inflicted.
but we'll be sure when we're sure.
This is everyone else
here. and it's not great.
-How long ago?
-I'd say about a month.
[CARTER] Jesus.
-Okay.
-Let's take a look.
Are you sure she...
Yeah. she's good.
You're good. aren't you. Harker?
Pull it.
How old's the girl?
I'm guessing nine or ten.
Fuck.
[CAT HISSING] [LINE RINGING]
[LEE'S MOM] Yes. who is it?
Hi. Mom.
-Lee?
-Yes.
Still your only daughter.
Anyways. I was calling to let
you know that I'm gonna busy now.
with work. and I probably
won't be able to make it.
I want to. it's just...
[BUZZING ON LINE]
Mom. are you still there?
[LEE'S MOM] Be careful they
don't work you too hard. all right?
Yeah. but it's good.
It's really good.
They put me on something important.
Yeah?
What is it?
Well. I can't tell you.
You wouldn't wanna hear about it anyways.
Not nice things.
I don't think the Bureau
has a division for nice things.
Will I see you on your birthday next week?
I'll try.
Lee?
Are you still saying your prayers?
-Yeah.
-Listen I gotta go.
Lee. honey. our prayers
protect us from the Devil.
I know.
I know. Mom.
I'll call you later. okay?
♪ ♪
[FAINT WHISPERING]
[DISCORDANT MUSIC GROWING SHRILL]
[SINGLE THUDDING PULSE]
Help me out here.
It's an algorithm.
His algorithm.
Help me out more.
The first murder happens
on July 14th. 1966.
The rest occur within six days of the
daughters' birthdays.
either before or after…
Creating an inverted triangle.
Okay. what am I supposed to do with this?
I also decoded all his letters.
The one thing that stood out
was the repeated reference to
"the fine time we had at the Camera
family farm". where X's mark the spot.
The Camera family.
I was at Georgetown when that happened.
Their local priest makes his
weekly visit. but it goes bad.
due to Carrie Anne's father
and the axe from the tool shed.
He kills the priest. his
wife. and then himself.
Carrie Anne's at school. so she survives.
Look at the date.
March 8th.
Now look at Carrie Anne's birthday.
March 14th.
Six days apart.
Well. no shit.
I believe Longlegs was
at the Camera family farm.
and it's possible that
Carrie Anne saw him.
What about the 13th?
It's missing.
I'm still not sure about that.
but it's three days from now.
Maybe Longlegs will kill again.
And this Carrie Anne. she still alive?
Water Rock Psychiatric Hospital.
That's not far from here.
-132 miles. sir. -And the old farm?
-89.
Let's start there.
♪ ♪
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[LEE] It's over there.
♪ ♪
[LEE] Xs mark the spot.
[RATTLING DOOR]
[ANXIOUS MUSIC TONES RISING]
Carter?
Yeah?
[LOW CHILLING MUSIC TONES]
[CARTER BRUSHING HAY AWAY]
[DRAMATIC. SHARP MUSICAL TONE]
[CORONER] She's handmade. that's for sure.
And beautifully handmade at that.
Porcelain head. hands and feet.
unbleached canvas body. cotton stuffing.
The hair is human. what's left of it.
All in all. it's beautifully made.
by a highly-skilled craftsman.
-[CARTER] But what about the ball there?
-[CORONER] Mm.
It was inside the head.
So I've been calling it the "brain".
It's hollow. empty of
object or matter. but listen...
[HIGH-PITCHED RINGING]
[SURGING OF LOUD HISSING]
[SNARLING HISS. ALMOST A VOICE]
[PULSING HISS]
[FADES TO A DULL DISCORDANT TONE]
And what's your name. little angel?
Nice to meet you. Carrie Anne.
Now I know you're not
afraid of a little bit of dark…
[WHISPERING] because you are the dark.
[CHILLING DISCORDANT TONES RISING]
[TONES SILENCE TO FAINT BACKGROUND RINGING]
[CORONER] The other night. I could have
sworn it was whispering my ex-wife's name
over and over again. but I've been working
very late. and of course it... it wasn't.
[CHUCKLING NERVOUSLY]
Yeah. can the...
Can the "brain" be opened up?
Of course. but it's not likely there's
a solution to your case in there.
because there's nothing in there.
[CARTER] Well. let's go see Carrie
Anne Camera at the mental hospital.
[MUSIC PLAYING ON CAR STEREO]
♪ ♪
[DOOR ENTRY BELL JINGLES]
Can I help you with anything else today?
Cuckoo.
Cuckoo. Cuckoo.
I don't know what that was supposed to be.
And what day is your
birthday. little angel?
[CHUCKLING WHEEZILY]
Daddy!
That gross guy is back again!
[SHRIEKING] Daddy!
[SHRIEK BECOMING SCREAM] Mommy!
Unmake me!
And save me from the hell of living!
[SCREAMS FADE. ECHOING]
Two days ago. Carrie
Anne is postcard catatonic.
Well. slumped in a chair by the
door for as long as I've been here.
and I've been here eight years.
Then yesterday. she gets a visitor.
and I've never seen that happen either.
and like someone flipped a
switch on the back of her head.
and all of a sudden. she's right there.
Wide awake. eyes bright.
You saw this visitor?
No. I wasn't on site at the time.
unfortunately. but the log should say.
Does the guard check IDs?
Well. it does sound
like a good idea. but no.
No. we do not require that.
[LEE] Thank you. Carrie Anne. for
taking the time to talk to me today.
I've seen you before…
Ain't I?
I don't think so.
You been to my house…
Or someone s'looks
s'lots like you. anyways.
How are you feeling today. Carrie Anne?
Mm…
Different.
It's like a long dream…
And so dark.
A world of dark.
Like a nowhere 'tween here and there.
What's that called?
Doin' the limbo?
And before the long dream.
do you remember anything?
Do you remember coming here?
Do you remember your parents?
They didn't a'know what
to do with themselves.
I mean gosh. and I knew I
was a handful as it were's.
Momma always hated me. 'cause how
I'd come out wrongly when I was borned.
Bled her up too much.
Poppa was a good man.
That's the somethin' I remember good.
That's why he done it.
[TINKLING MELODY PLAYING]
You had a visitor yesterday.
Can you describe him for me?
Gosh. I don't ever wanna forget 'im.
I was jus' waitin' on
him to come and get me.
To come and tells me
somethin's to do for 'im.
Or even better. to do somethin'
for the Man Down The Stairs.
and. boy. I just wanna do
whatsever-so he says me to do.
Like. if'n he told me to take a
jumpy out a window. I'd surely do.
Just happy as peaches to watch
the ground as it come up to meet me.
Or if'n he told me to
kill you right-right here
in this room with my
bare hand. I'd surely do.
Just happy as peaches to watch
your heavy heart go pop-pop.
and your eyeses to go all to blood.
Do you remember having a doll?
A special doll that looked just like you?
Nope.
And you don't remember neither.
you dirtsy. flirtsy ol' angel bitch.
[GASPING]
[CHILLING TONES RISING]
[OMINOUS SCORE RISING]
♪ ♪
A'ight. a'ight. so he
murders a family in '75.
but he probably isn't even in
the house when they're killed.
Then comes back almost 20
years later to visit the only survivor.
signs in as the agent chasing
him. and then leaves his only
surviving victim feeling much.
much better than before he got there.
Mm.
She came out of her catatonia
the same day we found the doll.
Yeah. that couldn't be
anything but a coincidence.
Look. we opened the ball in the
doll's head. and there's nothing inside.
Maybe we're missing something.
Something that I don't know. makes it work.
In some cultures. dolls are
used in magic. to control people.
So. he kills them with a doll from
somewhere else by what. remote control?
Longlegs is just a man.
Harker. not a witch doctor.
Sit down.
How does Longlegs know your name. Harker?
I don't know. sir.
You know. last week. this
investigation is ice-cold.
Then you come on to
it. and all of a sudden.
it's flowing like I don't know. hot lava.
What aren't you telling me?
I revisited your file.
When was the last time
you talked to your mother?
Sorry. sir. but what does
that have to do with the case?
She called in a police
report. January 13. 1974.
That's one day before your 9th birthday.
That makes your birthday the 14th.
-She did?
-She did.
Gave a description of a trespasser.
Tall and pale.
Harker look at me.
Do you remember someone at your
house that might have looked that way?
I don't know. sir.
You go see your mother. and
tell me what she says about the
person who came to your house
when you were a kid. understood?
Yes. sir.
[HIGH-PITCHED RINGING]
[DOOR CREAKING OPEN]
Hi. Mom.
Mm.
Will you tell me the honest
truth about something?
I'll try.
Do you still say your prayers?
No. Mom.
I never said my prayers. never once.
They scared me.
[LAUGHING]
[CHUCKLING]
[LAUGHING HEARTILY]
Ah...
[WHEEZING SILENT LAUGHTER]
[TRAILS INTO CHUCKLES]
What's so funny?
You're right.
All our prayers don't help us.
Prayers don't do a goddamn thing.
I'm gonna make you something to eat.
[MUTTERING] Jesus Christ. Mom.
[ANXIOUS TONES RISING]
[HISSING]
[MENACING VOICE-LIKE SNARL]
Good news.
I got Deborah to cover my shift
tomorrow. and it's somebody's birthday.
[DISTANT DOG BARKING]
[VEHICLE ACCELERATING]
[ENGINE RUMBLING]
[DISTORTED VOICE SPEAKING]
[STATIC]
[CLICKING RIFLE OPEN]
[TURNING DOORKNOB. LOCKED]
Lee?
I can't believe it's gonna be
your birthday again so soon.
What a day that was.
I bled bled... bled bled.
[WHISPERING] bled...
Mom.
Do you remember my 9th birthday?
No. I don't think so.
I don't remember anything.
Do you?
What happened that day?
No.
What do you mean. "no"?
"No" is just the way it sounds. baby girl.
But you called the
police. about a trespasser.
No one ever came to visit us.
Not any family.
No strangers.
No big. bad wolves.
No anybody.
But these are things a
little girl shouldn't know.
I'm not a child anymore. Mom.
You're not a child because
you were allowed to grow up.
Allowed?
-This is a cruel world.
-Especially for the little things.
-Not all of them are allowed to live.
-What are you talking about?
I might have forgotten
everything I possibly could.
for both of our sakes. but I
never threw anything away.
All of your things…
It's all in your room.
[DISCORDANT TONE SURGING]
[CHILLING MUSIC BUBBLING]
[OMINOUS CHORD STRIKES]
[VOICE HIGH AND
PLAYFUL] Cheese and crackers!
[POLAROID WHIRRING]
[LEE'S MOM SHOUTING] Hey!
Excuse me.
Who are you. and why
are you talking to my kid?
♪ [SINGING WITH DISCORDANCY] Let me in now!
♪
♪ And it can be nice ♪
♪ Make me go now ♪
♪ And I'll have to come back ♪
♪ Not once ♪
♪ Not twice ♪
♪ But as many times as I like! ♪
Harker.
Did you go see your mother?
What's this?
It's him.
It's him how?
I found it in a box of photos at my house.
You really don't remember this guy?
[SIGHING] Okay.
We're gonna need to bring her
in. see what else she remembers.
We will. but for now. we have this.
You sure you wanna
start a manhunt with this?
I'm sure.
[DISTANT SIRENS]
[SIRENS APPROACHING]
[SIRENS. CLOSING IN]
Sir!
I'm gonna need you to get
down on the fucking ground.
[DISCORDANT MUSIC SURGING]
[AGENT] State your name for the camera.
[SOFT VOICE] Dale Ferdinand Kobble.
[AGENT] Ever call yourself "Longlegs"?
When do I see Lee?
[AGENT] Lee who?
Harker the herald angels sing.
[AGENT] How do you know Lee Harker?
[KOBBLE] A friend
of a friend of a friend...
[BREATHING LABORIOUSLY]
...and this friend wants
me to say. [TENDERLY]
"Happy Birthday. Lee Harker".
[BREATHING WITH HEAVY EMOTION]
And he wants you all to
know that he'll be there...
[BREATHING HARD]
...and you'll be there. and you'll be
there. [POINTEDLY] and you'll be there.
♪ [SINGING IN SOFT WAIL] Happy Birthday ♪
♪ To you ♪
♪ Happy Birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy Birthday. Lee Harker ♪
♪ Hap... ♪
[TURNS OFF PLAYBACK]
It goes on like that for a while.
For how long?
24 minutes.
A'ight. everyone out of here.
Browning. Harker. you stay.
Go. You guys go.
[EXHALING]
His luggage was stuffed with
notebooks filled with handwriting.
Handwriting that matches
the letters found at the scene.
and. suffice to say.
it's all heavily Satanic.
Agent Harker. while the Bureau
does appreciate your contribution here.
it also puts us in an odd position.
So far. there's no physical evidence
that Kobble has ever killed anyone.
I mean. he worships
the Devil. that's for sure.
but in the United States of
America. he's allowed to do that.
I'm more concerned about the fact
that he knows who you are. Agent Harker.
But he can't do anything else
about that now that we have him.
"And I stood upon the sand
of the sea. and I saw a Beast
rise up out of the sea. with
seven heads and ten horns".
And on his horns. he wore ten crowns.
"and on each head was
written the blasphemous name."
Book of Revelations. isn't it?
Revelation.
There's no "S". It's singular.
Longlegs isn't alone.
He has to have someone helping him.
Maybe multiple. but it it
has to be someone that the
families felt comfortable
letting into their house.
Someone they know. or have met before.
Maybe a child. or someone
that could pass as a child.
A'ight. Harker. come on.
We got the guy who wrote
the letters. and if we do this right.
he'll spend the rest of his life in jail.
But it's not over.
The triangle isn't complete.
we're still missing the 13th.
[BROWNING] The 13th is today. Agent Harker.
What are we supposed to do about that?
We can expect his accomplice
to kill at least one more family…
And Kobble's the only
one who knows who that is.
[SIGHING DEEPLY]
Kobble where is he now?
[BROWNING] He's downstairs.
Right under your feet.
[KOBBLE] I'm a friend of a friend.
[LEE'S MOM] What friend?
My friend.
That lives downstairs.
Downstairs?
Downstairs from where?
Everywheres.
You can even call him "Mr. Downstairs".
[DOOR LOCK BUZZING OPEN]
[HIGH-PITCHED WAILING] Oh there she is!
[GASPING IN DELIGHT]
The Almost Birthday Girl.
[GASPING]
Oh...
[CHUCKLING] It's funny.
The day you decided to go into
law enforcement. you were 20.
We had such a big laugh about it.
Although. it was only
me who laughed. not she.
Who is the "she" that you're talking about?
The seventh "she".
To be given the same choice
that they've all been given.
Crimson or clover.
Accept the gift. and destroy
it. and destroy yourself.
and your selves. or keep it. and bow down.
Bow all the way down…
And get right down
to the dirty. dirty work.
Work that gets dirty as it cleans.
Like a mop.
Like a ra... ag.
But you don't work alone. do you?
Someone's been helping you.
An accomplice.
Knock-knock. on the farmhouse door.
A nice lady with a Bible
and a. "Congratulations!
You have been selected.
You may now collect
your gift from the church."
It says it right here.
right here on the orders.
On the orders from the man downstairs.
The Camera family farmhouse will
be so bright and white. you can't miss it!
Are you referring to Carrie Anne Camera?
What did you say to her
at the mental institution?
Oh. but. Lee. your house was
even whiter when I came to visit.
January 13th. 1974. right?
House Number Eight was so white.
Whiter than a fish's throat.
Whiter than tits.
I knew then that the work we
were doing was immaculate.
But your work's over.
It's done. and you're gonna be
in here for the rest of your life.
Yes.
I am done…
But I won't only be in here.
I'll be a little bit of everywhere.
Waiting in the wings.
In the father's wings.
Who's been helping you?
Well…
I'll let you get started now.
Who is the man downstairs?
Why don't you ask your mommy?
My mother doesn't know anything.
Hail Satan.
[SLAMMING]
[GASPING]
[SLAMMING AND CRUNCHING. LEE GASPING]
[CHOKING]
Stop!
[GASPING AND WHEEZING]
[THUD]
[LEE BREATHING SHAKILY]
[CARTER. VOICE MUFFLED] That's it. Harker.
-That's more than enough.
-We had the guy. and now we got nothin'.
We let all those families
die. and nothin' about
any of that is better.
or okay. but it's done!
Oh. and as for the 13th
while you were in there.
Carrie Anne Camera jumped
off the roof at Water Rock.
Yeah. He must have told her
to do that when he saw her.
Just like he somehow told all
the others to do what he wanted.
but he did it alone. with no accomplices!
No black magic. no voodoo. no nothing!
You didn't have to come with me.
I wasn't gonna let you drive
after what you saw today.
How do you wanna do this?
I should go in alone.
I'll tell her we need to
bring her in for questioning.
That we think she could help
us identify the accomplice.
-All right.
-I'll stay right here.
Mom?
[CHILLING MUSIC SURGING]
[CRACK OF A GUNSHOT OUTSIDE]
[SHOT BLASTS]
[GASPING]
[PANTING]
Mom!
Put the gun down!
What is that thing?
You caught him.
Now he's free.
-You mean Kobble?
-But... But Kobble's de... he's gone.
Kobble's dead.
It's okay. Mom.
-It's...
-It's okay.
-It's it's done now.
-And you're free. too. baby girl.
[SHOT BLASTING]
[HIGH-PITCHED RINGING]
[LEE'S MOM] Once upon a
time. there was a girl named Lee.
She lived in a little
house with her mother…
And no one ever came to visit them.
No family.
No big. bad wolves.
No anyone.
One day. a man did come...
[KOBBLE. DISTANTLY] Cuckoo!
[LEE'S MOM] ...a doll maker.
Just dropping off an early
birthday gift. a gift from the church.
[SOBBING IN EXCITEMENT] You've won!
[LEE'S MOM] The doll
maker started his work…
His terrible magic.
The work of the Devil…
With a little bit of him in every one.
The doll made the little girl forget.
and told her where to
look. and what not to see.
The Devil wanted the
little girl for his own.
but her mother could
never let that happen.
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[KOBBLE] You could've made nice with
me. but you didn't.... [MUFFLED CRIES]
And now that has led to all of this.
[DISCORDANT MUSIC PULSE]
[MUFFLED SOBBING]
[LEE'S MOM] So her mother begged
for the little girl's life to be spared.
In exchange. she would have to help him.
[HISSING AND SNARLING]
She had once been a nurse.
Now her work would be murdering families…
And so it went like this…
Knock-knock-knock. on the farmhouse door.
A nice lady with a Bible.
"and a" Congratulations. you've won!
A gift from the church.
All her mother had to do was get it inside…
And from his hiding place within
the dolls. the Devil did the rest.
All her mother had to do was watch…
And make sure it happened
the way he wanted it to.
That was the deal that she made.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
[LEE BREATHING HARD]
[LOW. MONSTROUS VOICE] You're
late. for Miss Ruby's birthday party.
[OMINOUS SCORE PLAYS]
♪ ♪
[SOBBING]
[SCREAMING]
[GASPING AND SOBBING]
♪ ♪
[KNOCKING FRANTICALLY]
Hey. Harker. you made it!
Hi there. Harker.
It's really nice that you came.
-Is everything okay?
-Of course. everything's great.
In fact. you're here just in time.
because Miss Ruby just
started opening her presents.
Come. sit. Sit.
No. Carter. that's my mom.
She's the accomplice.
She's Kobble's accomplice...
Sit down!
Oh. I'm so sorry. I've forgotten your name.
I'm a terrible. terrible. terrible hostess.
Oh. don't mind me.
I'm just a friend of a friend.
No Carter. you have to listen to me.
[DISCORDANT TONES SURGING]
Honey. maybe now would be a
good time to bring out the cake.
[CARTER] The cakes.
Yeah. I'll find something
to cut up the cakes with.
[SOBS SUDDENLY AND GASPS]
Uh...
-What did you say. honey?
-I just said. do you have to...?
Do I have to...
Do I have to cut up the cakes?
Yeah. I gotta cut the cakes.
It was your stupid fucking
suggestion in the first place.
so I have to cut the cakes.
[LEE'S MOM] The woman is already dead.
and the little girl will be next.
Anna would you like to join
me in the kitchen. honey?
I'm so sorry. I'll be right back.
[CARTER] No. I'll be right back.
You'll still be in the kitchen.
[LEE'S MOM] All three of them have to die.
[LEE] Mom. why are you doing this?
If they don't die. then we will burn…
And twist. and burn. and twist.
in hell forever. and ever.
[UTENSILS CLATTERING IN KITCHEN]
I'm doing this for you.
[SOBBING] just like I've always done.
[SOBBING]
So that the little girl named
Lee would be allowed to grow up…
And that makes it right…
And so I'll do it again.
and again. and again...
[STABBING BLOW. SHOUT OF SHOCK AND PAIN]
[STABBING SOUNDS] [GASPING]
[LEE'S MOM. VOICE DEEPENING]
And I'll do it until I stand
upon the sand of the sea.
and I see a beast rise up out of the sea.
Hail Satan.
Carter. stop!
[LEE'S MOTHER. HARSHLY]
Move away from the girl!
Mom. please...
Don't call me that!
[FIRES]
[SOBBING]
[BREATHING HARD]
Hey...
Hey. come on.
Come on.
[EMPTY GUN CLICKS]
[TRIGGER CLICKING]
♪ [LONGLEGS. SINGING]
Happy Birthday to you ♪
[CACKLING]
♪ Happy Birthday to you ♪
Ruby. let's go.
♪ Happy Birthday. Lee Harker ♪
♪ Happy Birthday to… ♪
♪ You ♪
Hail. Satan.
[SMOOCH]
["GET IT ON" BY T. REX PLAYING]
♪ ♪
♪ Well. you're dirty and sweet ♪
♪ Clad in black. don't
look back and I love you ♪
♪ You're dirty and sweet oh. yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well. you're slim and you're weak ♪
♪ You've got the teeth
of the hydra upon you ♪
♪ You're dirty. sweet and you're my girl ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Get it on. bang a gong get it on ♪
♪ Get it on... ♪
♪ Bang a gong. get it on ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well. you're built like a car ♪
♪ You've got a hubcap diamond-star halo ♪
♪ You're built like a car. oh. yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well. you're an untamed youth ♪
♪ That's the truth ♪
♪ With your cloak full of eagles ♪
♪ You're dirty. sweet and you're my girl ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Get it on. bang a gong get it on ♪
♪ Get it on... ♪
♪ Bang a gong. get it on... ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well. you're windy and wild ♪
♪ You've got the blues in your shoes ♪
♪ And your stockings ♪
♪ You're windy and wild Oh. yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well. you're built like a car ♪
♪ You've got a hubcap diamond-star halo ♪
♪ You're dirty. sweet and you're my girl ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Get it on. bang a gong get it on ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well. you're dirty and sweet ♪
♪ Clad in black Don't look back ♪
♪ And I love you ♪
♪ You're dirty and sweet Oh. yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Well. you dance when you walk ♪
♪ So let's dance Take a chance ♪
♪ Understand me ♪
♪ You're dirty. sweet and you're my girl ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Get it on. bang a gong get it on ♪
♪ Get it on... ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm